Shu Han, why are you here?
Why did I sweep the surname of Mr. Qin?
No, this is a misunderstanding.
This son
This is the private room of the slave's house
Please leave. Let me go
Why is this the private boudoir of the slave family?
Even tiger teeth
I can also sue you for trespassing
En En calm down
All calm down
Sue me for trespassing
I haven't sued you yet.
Seduce my husband
Husband, you are a girl
Nonsense to tell you this is a family matter between our husband and wife
Nothing to do with you
Stone statue, get out of here
As far as I know
Qin Gongzi has not yet married
I couldn't have been his wife
Wait. What do you mean?
Could it be that you have any plans for my husband?
The word girl attempts is too much
The slave family only likes the talent of the son
If the son is willing
The slave family positions serve the young master around
This woman is shameless
I haven't passed this genuine brand yet
You bitch want to come and be a concubine
No way, it is estimated that Miss Hongxiu will be disappointed
My love for family
But there is no extra money that can redeem the life of a flower like you
The slave family can redeem themselves
These years
The slave family has also saved a lot of savings
Young Master, if you are willing to accept the slave's house
The slave family is willing to be a maid for you for the rest of your life
Serve you
I'm satisfied